Document synapser authentication issue (#13)
Sage-Bionetworks/SynapseShinyApp: README.md

This solution allows to determine which user is currently logged into Synapse through the web browser. These credentials are passed on to the Shiny app, and that specific user is logged in. Subsequent interactions with Synapse to pull data for the Shiny interface then happens as that user.

> :warning:**HOWEVER**:warning: synapser stores authentication information in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning:**HOWEVER**:warning: The Synapse R client, [synapser](https://r-docs.synapse.org/), stores authentication information in a
```

location that is global to the R process. This means that if one user connects

> to a Shiny app, and then another user connects on another machine, the second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a Shiny app, and then another user connects from another browser or computer, the second
```

user's authentication will supersede the first's. This can cause
hard-to-diagnose errors, and is a security issue. There are 3 ways to work
around this issue:

1. Ensure that each user gets a separate R process by customizing the
   [utilization scheduler](https://support.rstudio.com/hc/en-us/articles/220546267-Scaling-and-Performance-Tuning-Applications-in-Shiny-Server-Pro)
   (only available for Shiny Server Pro).
1. Write your app so that it logs in before doing any operation that interacts
   with Synapse. Essentially this means writing wrappers for every synapser
   function you use, e.g.:
    
   ```r
   authSynGet <- function(...) {
     synLogin(sessionToken = input$cookie)
     synGet(...)
   }
   ```
   
   Placing a call to `synLogin()` before `synGet()` directly in your server
   function is not necessarily sufficient, as it is still possible someone else
   could log in between when your `synLogin()` and `synGet()` are executed.

> 1. Instead of using synapser, use the Synapse Python client + reticulate. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Instead of using synapser, use the [Synapse Python client](https://python-docs.synapse.org/) + [reticulate](https://rstudio.github.io/reticulate/). The
```
